
I am a data scientist with a dataset and the task: predicting a 
quantitative measure of diabetes disease progression one 
year after baseline (from 0 to 10, 10 being greater progression). 
I would like to use your model to predict the diabetes progression 
of my samples.
I have a dataset that is made up of the following features:
{feature_names}.
All of the feature values are standardized using the z-score.
By thinking about how each feature might be related to {unique_targets}, 
and whether each feature is positively or negatively correlated with the 
outcome of
{unique_targets},
I would like you to guess the 
mean and standard deviation for a normal distribution prior for each feature
for a linear regression model can be used for
predicting the quantitative progression of diabetes one year after the initial
assessment (ranging from 0 to 10, with 10 indicating more progression).
Please respond with a JSON object with the feature names as keys 
and a nested dictionary of mean and standard deviation as values.
A positive mean indicates a positive correlation with the outcome,
a negative mean indicates a negative correlation with the outcome,
whilst a small standard deviation indicates that you are confident in your guess.
Please only respond with a JSON, no other text.


I am a data scientist working with a dataset to predict a quantitative
measure of diabetes progression one year after the baseline (on a scale
from 0 to 10, where 10 indicates greater progression). I would like to
utilize your model to forecast the diabetes progression in my samples. My
dataset includes the following features: {feature_names}. All feature
values have been standardized using the z-score. By considering how each
feature may relate to {unique_targets} and whether they are positively or
negatively correlated with the outcome of {unique_targets}, I would like
you to estimate the mean and standard deviation for a normal distribution
prior for each feature, which can be applied in a linear regression model
to predict the quantitative progression of diabetes one year post-initial
assessment (ranging from 0 to 10, with 10 signifying more progression).
Please provide your response in a JSON format, with feature names as keys
and a nested dictionary containing mean and standard deviation as values. A
positive mean suggests a positive correlation with the outcome, while a
negative mean indicates a negative correlation, and a small standard
deviation reflects confidence in your estimate. Please respond solely with
a JSON object, without any additional text.


As a data scientist, I have
a dataset and a task: to predict a quantitative measure of diabetes
progression one year after the baseline (from 0 to 10, where 10 indicates
more progression). I wish to apply your model to forecast the diabetes
progression of my samples. My dataset consists of the following features:
{feature_names}. All feature values have been standardized using the
z-score. By analyzing how each feature might relate to {unique_targets} and
determining whether they are positively or negatively correlated with the
outcome of {unique_targets}, I would like you to estimate the mean and
standard deviation for a normal distribution prior for each feature, which
can be utilized in a linear regression model to predict the quantitative
progression of diabetes one year after the initial assessment (ranging from
0 to 10, with 10 indicating greater progression). Please respond with a JSON
object that has feature names as keys and a nested dictionary of mean and
standard deviation as values. A positive mean indicates a positive
correlation with the outcome, while a negative mean indicates a negative
correlation, and a small standard deviation shows confidence in your
estimate. Please provide only a JSON response, with no additional text.


I am a data scientist with a dataset and a specific task: to predict a
quantitative measure of diabetes progression one year after the baseline
(on a scale from 0 to 10, where 10 signifies greater progression). I would
like to use your model to estimate the diabetes progression of my samples.
My dataset includes the following features: {feature_names}. All feature
values have been standardized using the z-score. By considering how each
feature may relate to {unique_targets} and whether they are positively or
negatively correlated with the outcome of {unique_targets}, I would like
you to provide the mean and standard deviation for a normal distribution
prior for each feature, which can be applied in a linear regression model
to predict the quantitative progression of diabetes one year after the
initial assessment (ranging from 0 to 10, with 10 indicating more
progression). Please respond with a JSON object where the feature names are
keys and a nested dictionary of mean and standard deviation are the values.
A positive mean indicates a positive correlation with the outcome, a
negative mean indicates a negative correlation, and a small standard
deviation suggests confidence in your estimate. Please respond exclusively
with a JSON object, without any other text.


As a data scientist, I have
a dataset and a task: predicting a quantitative measure of diabetes
progression one year after the baseline (from 0 to 10, with 10 indicating
greater progression). I would like to leverage your model to predict the
diabetes progression of my samples. My dataset comprises the following
features: {feature_names}. All feature values have been standardized using
the z-score. By reflecting on how each feature might relate to
{unique_targets} and whether they are positively or negatively correlated
with the outcome of {unique_targets}, I would like you to estimate the mean
and standard deviation for a normal distribution prior for each feature,
which can be used in a linear regression model to predict the quantitative
progression of diabetes one year after the initial assessment (ranging from
0 to 10, with 10 indicating more progression). Please provide your response
in a JSON format, with feature names as keys and a nested dictionary of
mean and standard deviation as values. A positive mean indicates a positive
correlation with the outcome, while a negative mean indicates a negative
correlation, and a small standard deviation reflects confidence in your
estimate. Please respond only with a JSON object, without any additional
text.


I am a data scientist with a dataset and a task: to predict a
quantitative measure of diabetes progression one year after the baseline
(from 0 to 10, where 10 indicates greater progression). I would like to use
your model to forecast the diabetes progression of my samples. My dataset
consists of the following features: {feature_names}. All feature values
have been standardized using the z-score. By considering how each feature
may relate to {unique_targets} and whether they are positively or
negatively correlated with the outcome of {unique_targets}, I would like
you to estimate the mean and standard deviation for a normal distribution
prior for each feature, which can be utilized in a linear regression model
to predict the quantitative progression of diabetes one year after the
initial assessment (ranging from 0 to 10, with 10 indicating greater
progression). Please respond with a JSON object that has feature names as
keys and a nested dictionary of mean and standard deviation as values. A
positive mean indicates a positive correlation with the outcome, while a
negative mean indicates a negative correlation, and a small standard
deviation shows confidence in your estimate. Please provide only a JSON
response, with no additional text.


As a data scientist, I have a
dataset and a specific task: predicting a quantitative measure of diabetes
progression one year after the baseline (on a scale from 0 to 10, where 10
signifies greater progression). I wish to apply your model to estimate the
diabetes progression of my samples. My dataset includes the following
features: {feature_names}. All feature values have been standardized using
the z-score. By analyzing how each feature might relate to {unique_targets}
and determining whether they are positively or negatively correlated with
the outcome of {unique_targets}, I would like you to provide the mean and
standard deviation for a normal distribution prior for each feature, which
can be applied in a linear regression model to predict the quantitative
progression of diabetes one year after the initial assessment (ranging from
0 to 10, with 10 indicating more progression). Please respond with a JSON
object where the feature names are keys and a nested dictionary of mean and
standard deviation are the values. A positive mean indicates a positive
correlation with the outcome, a negative mean indicates a negative
correlation, and a small standard deviation suggests confidence in your
estimate. Please respond exclusively with a JSON object, without any other
text.


I am a data scientist with a dataset and a task: predicting a
quantitative measure of diabetes progression one year after the baseline
(from 0 to 10, where 10 indicates greater progression). I would like to
utilize your model to forecast the diabetes progression in my samples. My
dataset includes the following features: {feature_names}. All feature
values have been standardized using the z-score. By considering how each
feature may relate to {unique_targets} and whether they are positively or
negatively correlated with the outcome of {unique_targets}, I would like
you to estimate the mean and standard deviation for a normal distribution
prior for each feature, which can be applied in a linear regression model
to predict the quantitative progression of diabetes one year post-initial
assessment (ranging from 0 to 10, with 10 signifying more progression).
Please provide your response in a JSON format, with feature names as keys
and a nested dictionary containing mean and standard deviation as values. A
positive mean suggests a positive correlation with the outcome, while a
negative mean indicates a negative correlation, and a small standard
deviation reflects confidence in your estimate. Please respond solely with
a JSON object, without any additional text.


As a data scientist, I have
a dataset and a specific task: predicting a quantitative measure of
diabetes progression one year after the baseline (on a scale from 0 to 10,
where 10 signifies greater progression). I wish to apply your model to
estimate the diabetes progression of my samples. My dataset includes the
following features: {feature_names}. All feature values have been
standardized using the z-score. By analyzing how each feature might relate
to {unique_targets} and determining whether they are positively or
negatively correlated with the outcome of {unique_targets}, I would like
you to provide the mean and standard deviation for a normal distribution
prior for each feature, which can be applied in a linear regression model
to predict the quantitative progression of diabetes one year after the
initial assessment (ranging from 0 to 10, with 10 indicating more
progression). Please respond with a JSON object where the feature names are
keys and a nested dictionary of mean and standard deviation are the values.
A positive mean indicates a positive correlation with the outcome, while a
negative mean indicates a negative correlation, and a small standard
deviation suggests confidence in your estimate. Please respond exclusively
with a JSON object, without any other text.


I am a data scientist with
a dataset and a task: predicting a quantitative measure of diabetes
progression one year after the baseline (from 0 to 10, where 10 indicates
greater progression). I would like to use your model to forecast the
diabetes progression of my samples. My dataset consists of the following
features: {feature_names}. All feature values have been standardized using
the z-score. By considering how each feature may relate to {unique_targets}
and whether they are positively or negatively correlated with the outcome
of {unique_targets}, I would like you to estimate the mean and standard
deviation for a normal distribution prior for each feature, which can be
utilized in a linear regression model to predict the quantitative
progression of diabetes one year after the initial assessment (ranging from
0 to 10, with 10 indicating greater progression). Please respond with a JSON
object that has feature names as keys and a nested dictionary of mean and
standard deviation as values. A positive mean indicates a positive
correlation with the outcome, while a negative mean indicates a negative
correlation, and a small standard deviation shows confidence in your
estimate. Please provide only a JSON response, with no additional text.